README.md, before:

# moshi-gson-interop

A tool for bidirectional interop between Moshi and Gson.

This is targeted at codebases that are in the process of migrating from Gson _to_ Moshi and not a
general-purpose tool that should be used for other reasons.

## Usage

In order to properly link two `Moshi` and `Gson` instances, you must pass two _complete_
instances (i.e. not intended to `newBuilder()` later) to `Moshi.interopWith()` and use
the returned instances.

```kotlin
val seedMoshi: Moshi = ...
val seedGson: Gson = ...

// Use the returned instances!
val (moshi, gson) = seedMoshi.interopWith(seedGson)
```

By default, the interop mechanism will attempt to best-guess which serializer to use based on a combination
of things (see `DefaultMoshiClassChecker`'s kdoc). You can alternatively provide your own logic for this.

## Installation

[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.slack.moshi/gson-interop.svg)](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.slack.moshi/gson-interop)
```gradle
dependencies {
  implementation("com.slack.moshi:gson-interop:<version>")
}
```

Snapshots of the development version are available in [Sonatype's `snapshots` repository][snap].

## Caveats

* JsonQualifiers on a type in a Gson class will not be passed on to Moshi, as Gson (and the various
  tools around it) don't capture them.
* Performance
  * A Moshi adapter delegating to Gson should have no performance issues as it is able
    to stream data directly.
  * Streaming from Gson to Moshi will, however, be degraded as Gson has no equivalent
    streaming APIs to Moshi's `nextSource()` or `valueSink()` APIs. This means that it
    must either decode the entire source into an intermediary object (i.e. a Map, List,
    etc) first when reading or encode the entire value into a JSON String first when writing.


License
--------

    Copyright 2020 Slack Technologies, Inc.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


[snap]: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/slack/moshi/

Commit message:

Add Builder API + more checkers (#21)
* Create InteropBuilder.kt

* Add builder APIs, delegate to builder

* Split out standard moshi checkers for reuse

* Nix comment

* Add AdapterMethodsClassChecker

Resolves #7

* Spotless

* Fix enum fall-through

* Update API usage

* Add AdapterMethodsClassCheckerTest

* Extract MoshiGsonInterop interface

* Make components extensions

* Rework classchecker API

* Mention in README

* Spotless

* Go away detekt

* Fix pull_request target

This doesn't work the way I thought

* Update src/main/kotlin/com/slack/moshi/interop/gson/ClassCheckers.kt

Co-authored-by: Adam Speakman <aspeakman@slack-corp.com>

* Update src/main/kotlin/com/slack/moshi/interop/gson/ClassCheckers.kt

Co-authored-by: Adam Speakman <aspeakman@slack-corp.com>

Co-authored-by: Adam Speakman <aspeakman@slack-corp.com>

README.md, after:

# moshi-gson-interop

A tool for bidirectional interop between Moshi and Gson.

This is targeted at codebases that are in the process of migrating from Gson _to_ Moshi and not a
general-purpose tool that should be used for other reasons.

## Usage

In order to properly link two `Moshi` and `Gson` instances, you must pass two _complete_
instances (i.e. not intended to `newBuilder()` later) to `Moshi.interopWith()` and use
the returned instances.

```kotlin
val seedMoshi: Moshi = ...
val seedGson: Gson = ...

// Use the returned instances!
val (moshi, gson) = seedMoshi.interopWith(seedGson)
```

By default, the interop mechanism will attempt to best-guess which serializer to use based on a combination
of things (see `DefaultMoshiClassChecker`'s kdoc). You can alternatively provide your own logic for this.

### Advanced

You can use the `Moshi.interopBuilder()` extension to create an `InteropBuilder` for advanced usage and adding
your own `ClassChecker` logic.

## Installation

[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.slack.moshi/gson-interop.svg)](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.slack.moshi/gson-interop)
```gradle
dependencies {
  implementation("com.slack.moshi:gson-interop:<version>")
}
```

Snapshots of the development version are available in [Sonatype's `snapshots` repository][snap].

## Caveats

* JsonQualifiers on a type in a Gson class will not be passed on to Moshi, as Gson (and the various
  tools around it) don't capture them.
* Performance
  * A Moshi adapter delegating to Gson should have no performance issues as it is able
    to stream data directly.
  * Streaming from Gson to Moshi will, however, be degraded as Gson has no equivalent
    streaming APIs to Moshi's `nextSource()` or `valueSink()` APIs. This means that it
    must either decode the entire source into an intermediary object (i.e. a Map, List,
    etc) first when reading or encode the entire value into a JSON String first when writing.


License
--------

    Copyright 2020 Slack Technologies, Inc.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


[snap]: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/slack/moshi/
